Oh! So how was your trip to the UK? I haven't even seen you since you got back.
Busy a lot of meetings and work, but I love it over there. You know the DJH contract we've been trying to win?
Yes, of course.
So, I played golf with the official who is supposed to make the decision on whether we get the contract or not.
Wait — I didn't know you're a golfer!
Yeah!
So, how did it go?
Good. It was funny because he forgot his wallet and I had to pay for both rounds.
So, who won?
Well I'm a pretty good golfer. I played on my college team. We were ranked No. 1 in the division. But … I let him win. He was completely thrilled.
Nice Ace! (thumping fist) I'm sure it would've been easy for you to crush the old bloke.
Of course!